Allow `skuba configure` to accept stdin input (#1558)
seek-oss/skuba: .changeset/stupid-oranges-switch.md

---
'skuba': minor
---

> configure: Now accepts template data from stdin to allow for integration testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configure: Accept template data from stdin to allow for integration testing
```
